Add source generated metrics doc (#45784)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/metrics-strongly-typed.md

### [.NET CLI](#tab/dotnet-cli)

```dotnetcli
dotnet add package Microsoft.Extensions.Telemetry.Abstractions
```

### [PackageReference](#tab/package-reference)

```xml
<ItemGroup>
  <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.Extensions.Telemetry.Abstractions"
                    Version="*" />
</ItemGroup>
```

---

For more information, see [dotnet add package](../tools/dotnet-package-add.md) or [Manage package dependencies in .NET applications](../tools/dependencies.md).

## Tag name defaults and customization

By default, the source generator derives metric tag names from the field and property names of your tag class. In other words, each public field or property in the strongly-typed tag object becomes a tag name by default. You can override this by using the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.Metrics.TagNameAttribute> on a field or property to specify a custom tag name. In the examples below, you’ll see both approaches in action.

## Example 1: Basic metric with a single tag

The following example demonstrates a simple counter metric with one tag. In this scenario, we want to count the number of processed requests and categorize them by a `Region` tag:

> :::code language="csharp" source="snippets/MetricsGen/MyMetrics.cs" id= "snippet_SimpleMetricTag":::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/MetricsGen/MyMetrics.cs" id= "tag":::
```

> In the code above, `RequestTags` is a strongly-typed tag struct with a single property `Region`. The `CreateRequestCount` method is marked with <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.Metrics.CounterAttribute`1> where `T` is an `int`, indicating it generates a **Counter** instrument that tracks `int` values. The attribute references `typeof(RequestTags)`, meaning the counter will use the tags defined in `RequestTags` when recording metrics. The source generator will produce a strongly-typed instrument class (named `RequestCount`) with an `Add` method that accepts integer value and `RequestTags` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the preceding code, `RequestTags` is a strongly-typed tag struct with a single property `Region`. The `CreateRequestCount` method is marked with <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.Metrics.CounterAttribute`1> where `T` is an `int`, indicating it generates a `Counter` instrument that tracks `int` values. The attribute references `typeof(RequestTags)`, meaning the counter uses the tags defined in `RequestTags` when recording metrics. The source generator produces a strongly-typed instrument class (named `RequestCount`) with an `Add` method that accepts integer value and `RequestTags` object.
```

To use the generated metric, create a <xref:System.Diagnostics.Metrics.Meter> and record measurements as shown below:

> :::code language="csharp" source="snippets/MetricsGen/MyClass.cs" id ="snippet_SimpleMetricTagUsage":::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/MetricsGen/MyClass.cs" id ="tag":::
```

In this usage example, calling `MyMetrics.CreateRequestCount(meter)` creates a counter instrument (via the `Meter`) and returns a `RequestCount` metric object. When you call `requestCountMetric.Add(1, tags)`, the metric system records a count of 1 associated with the tag `Region="NorthAmerica"`. You can reuse the `RequestTags` object or create new ones to record counts for different regions, and the tag name `Region` will consistently be applied to every measurement.

## Example 2: Metric with nested tag objects

> For more complex scenarios, you can define tag classes that include multiple tags, nested objects, or even inherited properties. This allows a group of related metrics to share a common set of tags easily. In the next example, we define a set of tag classes and use them for three different metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more complex scenarios, you can define tag classes that include multiple tags, nested objects, or even inherited properties. This allows a group of related metrics to effectively share a common set of tags. In the next example, you define a set of tag classes and use them for three different metrics:
```

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/MetricsGen/MetricTags.cs" :::

> :::code language="csharp" source="snippets/MetricsGen/Metrics.cs" id="snippet_MetricTags" :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The preceding code defines the metric inheritance and object shapes. The following code demonstrates how to use these shapes with the generator, as shown in the `Metric` class:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/MetricsGen/Metrics.cs" id="tags" :::
```

The following code shows how to create and use these metrics in a class:

> :::code language="csharp" source="snippets/MetricsGen/MyClass.cs" id ="snippet_strongMetricCreation":::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/MetricsGen/MyClass.cs" id ="creation":::
```
